- [flare strikes and burns]
- Welcome to the Brain Frame.
- [flare burning, music builds]
[instrumental music]
* *
- HOBBS: The Brain Frame.
- So it's a machine that
allows you to place yourself
inside another person's mind.
- Sure.
In layman's terms, I guess
you could put it that way.
- So you go inside
Hannah's head?
How does that even look?
- It looked...
Weird.
- It looked like
a shitty sewer.
- Looks like a shitty sewer.
- Is this Hannah's mind?
- No.
This is the Brain Frame.
It's the physical manifestation
of the program I built.
- Well, where's Hannah?
- Hannah's mind is
behind these hatches.
Where the Brain Frame is
filtering and partitioning her
subconscious into dreams.
- This place is a dump.
- It's not a dump.
It's utilitarian.
- Well, I would have designed
it way better.
- Guys.
- Like I'm talkin' I would've
put some strippers over here.
Maybe just a little cocaine
dispenser over here.
And then that thing,
whatever that thing is doing,
it would instead be dispensing
strawberry daiquiris
because I love a good daiquiri.
- Guys!
- I can't breathe.
- What do you mean
you can't breathe?
- I made a mistake!
We're gonna die in here!
- No, no, no.
Larry ran a statistical
analysis.
Our chances of dying
are very low.
- Low?
How low?
- Twelve percent.
- Twelve per-?!
Oh fuck!
I just wanted to get her back
and now we're gonna die in here!
The walls are closing in!
Let me out!
I gotta get out of here!
- Hey!
Hey, Sam, it's just
a panic attack, bud.
Alright, before I dropped
out I was honors psych,
I know what I'm doin'.
Feels like you're
going crazy,
losing your mind?
Can't catch your breath?
- Can't breathe.
- Yeah, that's normal.
I read that Scarlett Johansson
gets panic attacks all the
time and what does she
have to panic about?
Nothing.
- She's got like the fourth
hottest tatties in the world.
- Great tatties.
- Breathe in for five for me,
hold for two, and out for five.
Five, two, five.
- [panicked exhaling]
- You're not gonna die
in here, okay?
'Cause I got your back.
- Berkman's got your back.
- * Berkman's got your back. *
- Mhm.
Sing it with me.
- (together)
* Berkman's got your back. *
- That's right.
- (together) *
Berkman's got your back. *
- I'm gonna hit the harmony,
you do the part.
- (together)
* Berkman's got your back. *
- That's great.
- Knew you were good
for something.
Larry how's that
hospital room?
- It's coming your way in
hatch número three.
- Uh. Hospital?
I thought we could create
a scene where I'm
riding a horse, shirtless, uh...
with a six-pack.
I'm holding flowers and
these gluten-free cupcakes
that she likes.
- No, we're only using
elements that are
fresh in her mind.
Nothing fake or foreign.
Foreign is bad.
- Unless it's Pakistani poon.
Am I right?
Whoa!
- Now, we know she's regularly
been confronting death
with her aunt's cancer.
Assuming she's fighting
for her life,
fighting against finality.
Whereas...
- Hannah wants to euthanize
our love.
- Yes.
So we're gonna create a mini
crisis with a high recall
probability.
And transfer her fear of
losing her aunt to her
relationship with you.
- I have no idea what
you just said.
- We're going to say that Sam
has cancer and that you're
going to be the doctor who
says that the only cure
is not breaking up with him.
- That's manipulative.
But I like it.
- Can I still have a six-pack?
- Larry, how much longer on
the current dream sequence?
- LARRY: T-minus two minutos.
- Wait, she's dreaming
right now?
- Yep.
In, uh, hatch number uno.
- Hannah?
Hannah, no.
No, no, no, no, no!
- What is it?
- She's with another man
and they're having sex!
- I gotta check this out.
- [satisfied moans]
- Oh, man, that's...
that's Casper Van Dien!
- Hannah.
You totally made the right
decision in breaking up
with Sam!
- Oh! Casper! Yes!
- Never surrender!
Never retreat!
- Never stop doing me!
- Whoa, Whoa, Whoa.
Did you say Casper Van Dien?
Like Starship Troopers one
and three Casper Van Dien?
- Yeah, and he's incredible
in Omega Code .
- Will you get me his autograph?
- Larry.
Casper Van Dien is not real.
He's just Hannah's mind
remembering seeing
Starship Troopers earlier
in the day.
And how the hell would I
bring an autograph back?
- I... I dunno.
I'm just a member of
the Casper fan Diens.
- It's the Casper Van Dien
fan club.
- Oh, shut the hell up, Larry!
Guys, I need to get you
into hatch three pronto.
- [satisfied grunting
and moaning]
- Hannah!
Tell me about your day.
Tell me about your day!
- I bought a pair of jeans.
I'm worried I look
fat in them.
- You look great in
every pair of jeans.
- [satisfied scream]
- Berkman.
- Yeah.
- [camera clicks]
- [creaking noises and music]
- Okay, now Sam, remember
you can't overtly state
your desires.
You have to let her subconscious
figure it out on its own
otherwise it'll never stick
when she wakes up.
- Sounds like a great plan.
But uh...
Who's this woman?
- The jello is stale today.
- Aunt Lisa?
- Larry, what the hell
is going on?
- I dunno!
Hospitals must be a familiar
dream setting so her
subconscious is just
auto-filling characters in.
- Could you find that Latino
woman and get her to
fluff my pillows?
- What do we do?
- We gotta get her
out of here now.
Okay, let's go.
- Whoa, Whoa!
Easy, man.
She's got cancer.
- Oh, she's not real!
Sam, get in bed.
- Guys. Guys.
The Van Dien bone session's
about to end and she seems
very satisfied.
- Your hair looks great!
- [wild moaning]
- That guy has got stamina, huh?
- Oh my, you're so rough!
- Shut up, dream woman!
Remember the scenario!
- Okay, got it.
Hannah.
How's it going?
Or, uh...
(weak) How's it going?
- Sam?
Sam, are you okay?
- [coughing]
- (weak) I'm sick, Hannah.
I'm super... [coughing]
super sick.
- What's going on?
- My apologies, but...
It doesn't look good.
- What is it, doctor?
- He's dying.
From a broken dick.
- What?
- What?!
- Broken heart.
Heart.
- My heart...
Hannah, it hurts.
- HANNAH: Is there any cure,
doctor?
- There's one thing.
But it's very experimental.
- Okay.
- You would have to...
sleep with his best friend,
Berkman.
- What?
Berkman, stop!
- Berkman?
I think I made out with
that guy Freshman year.
I think he has crabs now.
- No, he doesn't have crabs.
If he did, it's treatable.
- Shut up, shut up!
Look, you just need to get
back together with Sam, okay?
Sam is the only one who knows
how to treat you right.
Like remember when I got you
all those tea tree candles
from Costco last week?
You love those candles.
- Wait, what's going on?
What is this?
- AUNT: Hannah!
Hannah, they're not real!
Ahhhh.
- Larry!
Cancel the sequence now!
- The scenario isn't
ready yet!
- I don't care!
Get us out now!
- What?
- Hannah!
Hannah, take me back, please!
Uh... Remember the good
times, Hannah please!
- Wait, where'd she go?
- Damn it, Sam.
I told you not to explicitly
state anything,
now her subconscious
is on to us.
- It's his fault.
What was all that "Berkman's
got your back" stuff?
- Hey, I was just riffing
a bit...
workshopping the script.
- I hate you so much.
- [thump]
- What's that sound?
- It's an interstitial.
- A what?
- Between REM cycles the mind
enters a hypnagogic state that-
- Hey, bud, English.
Otherwise it's gonna go
right over Sam's head.
- Between all the big dreams you
have a lot of mini dreams.
They're mostly just free
associative random bursts.
- HANNAH: [startled grunting]
- Hey! Hannah.
How's it going?
- What the fuck are you guys
doing here?
- Oh.
Well, uh...
the three of us...
Uh, we went to- It's
kind of hard to explain.
We went-
- [techno music]
- What is this?
- Everybody just hang tight,
this will be over in a second.
- WOO!
Yeah!
- [techno music]
- I'm gonna vomit!
- [silence]
- Is it over?
- Okay, did you guys see
Charlie Chaplin kissing
Abraham Lincoln?
I mean open your eyes, they
are not gonna teach you that
stuff in history books.
- Larry.
Where are we?
This is not part of my design.
- I've never seen this
simulation before.
You're off the grid.
- This doesn't seem that bad.
- (in the distance) Ho ho ho!
Feliz navidad!
- Guys?
Hannah.
Her body is freaking
out up here.
- (creepy laughter
in the distance)
- Oh god.
- Hannah's having a nightmare.
- [suspense music]
[silence]
- MULLINS: Why...
Santa?
- Yeah, that's...
Pretty fucking weird.
- That's what you
think is weird?
I tell you my ex-boyfriend
breaks into my brain,
cues a nightmare, and your
first question is, "Why Santa?"
- Why did you start dating Sam?
- So now you want to hear
about my dating history?
- Listen, Hannah.
You see, Sam seems to think
your relationship
is the reason why this
whole thing started.
- Of course he does. [scoffs]
- I thought you guys wanted
to hear about my nightmare.
- [music]
- Oh, this is bad, you guys.
- Oh no.
- Hannah!
Don't freak out.
What is this?
Where are we?
- This is my nightmare.
From when I was eight.
What are you guys doing here?
- Well, uh, you're not gonna
believe it.
But-
- Sam hooked you up to
Connor's doggy dream machine
which was originally my idea,
because he wanted to trick you
into taking him back.
- You did what?
- Well, it sounds a lot
worse when he says it.
Um...
You were gonna give up on
us and I kinda panicked.
But I had this machine that-
- God damn it, Sam.
This.
This is the problem.
This is why we broke up.
You're so selfish.
How do you not see that?
- Oh...
- [power drains]
[alarms go off]
- Oh, this is bad.
- LARRY: We've got a problem.
Everything's down.
The system, the lights...
We're on battery.
- Oh shit.
This is a full on night terror.
We've gotta get
somewhere safe now.
Come on!
- LARRY: God dang it!
Everything went red!
Connor!
- Okay.
Hannah.
Tell me everything you can
about this dream,
and be very specific.
- Okay.
Okay.
[breathing heavy]
It was December 24th.
1994.
It was late.
I was tired, but...
I couldn't sleep.
I was just too
excited about Santa.
My mind was...
racing.
So I thought maybe if I
watched a movie it would help
me go to sleep, or at least...
pass the time until morning.
Maybe I'd even see Santa
come down the chimney.
So I snuck into
our living room.
And turned on the TV.
I searched for a
Christmas movie.
I found one.
One I'd never seen before.
It was this slasher film
about an evil
Mexican Santa Claus.
- Feliz Navidead .
- That's the one.
I've had nightmares
ever since.
The bodies.
The blood.
And that laugh.
Ho. Ho. Ho.
I still hate Christmas.
- So... that's why you didn't
like my Christmas gift
this year?
- It was just a handwritten
coupon that said
"Date night with Sam."
- Redeemable any time.
- Feliz Navidead is the one
where Santa kills all the
villagers with the
candy cane knife.
- No.
It was the sequel.
Yeah, it was the sequel.
And in the sequel,
he kills them with a-
- [chainsaw revving]
[screaming]
- [crazy laughter]
(speaking Spanish)
[crazy laughter]
- I'm about to lose
auxiliary power!
We won't be able
to communicate!
- [explosion]
- Mexican Santa sucks!
- Damn it!
- So if we die in here,
do we also die out there?
- Theoretically...
Maybe.
- Maybe?
- Well, you could
wake up with a...
cerebral hangover.
- Well, that doesn't
sound that bad.
- Where you uncontrollably
vomit and diarrhea
for a day straight.
- Well then I would just
die of embarrassment.
- Wait!
Why doesn't Larry just
take off our helmets?
- No, no, he can't.
The computer is not
at full power.
If he takes the helmets off now,
we could scramble our
brains together.
You could wake up half Berkman.
- Oh God...
- Hey!
- Larry.
- Yeah, boss?
- In the lab, back of the
fridge, there's an
adrenaline shot.
Get it and inject it directly
into Hannah's heart
so we can wake up out of
this night terror.
- Roger that.
Oh, and Connor.
You can count on me.
- There is absolutely no
way we can count on him.
We have to find a hatch.
It could lead us back
to the Brain Frame.
- Okay, let's do it.
- Alright, the coast is clear.
- Wait!
Ladies first.
- [screaming]
- [chainsaw revving]
[screaming]
- Fuck you, Santa!
- [crazy laughter]
- Adrenaline...
Oh!
Yes!
- [glass breaking]
- Oh no.
Oh, classic Larry....
Shit!
- CONNOR: There's gotta be a
hatch somewhere.
- You think you can
forgive me for this?
- What?
Are you insane?
- We'll talk later.
- Oh, guys, look!
- [crazy laughter]
(speaking Spanish)
- No Santa, not again!
- (speaking Spanish)
- HANNAH: (speaking Spanish)
Por favor, Santa.
- It's only a dream.
- [crazy laughter]
- Hannah.
You deserve better than me.
You're right, I'm selfish.
And needy.
And my Christmas gift sucked.
I just want you to be happy.
I'm sorry.
Hey!
Jolly Saint Dick!
You think you're scary?
I think you're compensating
for something
with that chainsaw, pal.
- What's he doing?
- He's negging Santa.
- You obese, geriatric douche!
You can't kill me.
Because you're not real.
None of this is!
- [chainsaw revving]
[crazy laughter]
[chainsaw revving]
- It's real.
It's real.
Run! Run!
- (speaking Spanish)
- [squish]
- [Santa grunts]
- [thud]
- Come on, you apes.
You wanna live forever?!
- Casper Van Dien?
- You still look great, Hannah.
- Yeah, thank you
for saving us!
- I saw you guys have sex,
I'm really sorry.
- [music]
- You did it.
Larry, you did it.
- Uh... yeah!
[glass shatters]
Yeah, I did!
- Uh, guys?
What about Sam?
- Is...
is he dead?
- He finally did something
un-selfish for me.
And it killed him.
- Oh god.
What have I done?
- [sharp exhale]
- Sam.
You were an okay boyfriend.
Not the best, but... okay.
You were always there for me.
Even when I didn't
want you to be.
Thank you for saving us, Sam.
- [kiss smack]
- [vomiting]
Oh good Lord!
- HANNAH: Oh...
- He's not dead!
- SAM: Oh god!
- It's just a cerebral hangover!
This is unprecedented.
Larry, let's get those brain
wave readings right now!
- [vomiting]
- It's good to have you back,
bud.
- Was I dreaming or did you
say I was a good boyfriend?
- I think that was a dream.
- Please just take me back.
Please, come on.
Just one more date.
Please take me back.
Please take me back,
I'm sorry I knocked you out,
but please, please, please,
please, please!
- Okay. Okay. Okay.
Okay! Okay!
One more!
One more.
- Yeah!
- [flatulence and gurgles]
[flatulence]
[gurgles]
- Wait, wait, wait.
I did not shit my pants.
- Who said I shit my pants?
- He shat everywhere.
It was disgusting.
And I never agreed
to another date.
- Hannah.
We're not here to discuss how
bad you are at picking men.
- MULLINS: You know what we
want to talk about.
- Well, I'm not the
person to ask.
- I was drunk and high most of
the time in that stupid lab
so I don't remember.
Really anything.
- I am sick of this!
Okay?
We didn't break any laws,
we didn't do anything illegal.
We were just experimenting.
Harmless fun.
Okay, a few things got
out of hand.
- Out of hand?
Out of hand?
That's what you call this?
- [music]
[high winds and music]
- Oh shit.
- Shit.
- That's our lab, but...
what is that thing?
- You tell us.
- Best case scenario...
a temporary Einstein-Rosen
bridge.
Nothing to be afraid of.
- And worse case?
- It's a black hole which will
envelop the planet,
the solar system, and begin a
chain of events which will
cause the implosion of the
entire universe.
Also known as the Big Crunch.
- How do we stop it?
- I don't know.
We don't even know
how it got started!
- Then you're gonna tell us
every god damn thing
you did in that lab.
- Everything?
- Every single thing?
Because that's kind of
a lot of things.
- Everything!
- [intense music]
[high winds and music]
[silence]
[instrumental music]
* *